(CLOCKS TICKING)
ANNOUNCER: October is inventory time,
so right now, Statler Toyota
is making the best deals of the year
on all 1985-model Toyotas.
You won't find a better car
At a better price with better service
anywhere in Hill Valley.
That's Statler Toyota
in downtown Hill Valley.
NEWSCASTER: The Senate is expected
to vote on this today.
In other news, officials at
the Pacific Nuclear research facility
have denied the rumor
that a case of missing plutonium
Was in fact stolen
from their vault two weeks ago.
A Libyan terrorist group had claimed
responsibility for the alleged theft.
(ALARM RINGING)
However, officials now attribute
the discrepancy to a simple clerical error.
The FBI, which is investigating the matter,
had no comment.
(BUZZER BLARES)
MARTY: Hey, Doc?
Doc?
Hello! Anybody home?
Einstein, come here, boy. (WHISTLES)
What's going on? Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus!
That is disgusting. Where the hell is he?
(CLOCKS TICKING)
(MACHINE HUMMING)
(HUMMING GROWS LOUDER)
(LOUD HUMMING)
(ELECTRIC GUITAR NOTE PLAYS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
Whoa!
Rock 'n' roll.
(ALARM RINGING)
-Yo.
-DOC: Marty, is that you?
-Hey. Hey, Doc. Where are you?
-Thank God I've found you.
Listen, can you meet me
at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15?
I made a major breakthrough,
and I'll need your assistance.
-Wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?
-Yeah.
Doc, what's going on?
-Where you been all week?
-Working.
-Where's Einstein? Is he with you?
-Yeah, he's right here.
You know, Doc,
you left your equipment on all week.
My equipment. That reminds me, Marty.
You better not hook up to the amplifier.
There's a slight possibility of overload.
Yeah. I'll keep that in mind.
Good. I'll see you tonight. Don't forget now.
1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.
Right.
(CLOCKS CHIMING)
(CLOCKS CUCKOOING)
-Are those my clocks I hear?
-Yeah, it's 8:00.
Perfect! My experiment worked!
They're all exactly 25 minutes slow!
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc.
-Are you telling me that it's 8:25?
-Precisely.
Damn! I'm late for school.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
-Jennifer.
-Marty, don't go this way.
Strickland's looking for you.
If you get caught,
it'll be four tardies in a row.
All right, come on. I think we're safe.
You know, this time it wasn't my fault.
The doc set all his clocks 25 minutes slow.
Doc?
Am I to understand you're still hanging
around with Dr. Emmett Brown, McFly?
(CLICKING TONGUE)
Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker.
And one for you, McFly.
I believe that makes four in a row.
Let me give you a nickel's worth
of free advice, young man.
This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous.
He's a real nutcase.
You hang around with him,
you're gonna end up in big trouble.
Ooh. Yes, sir.
You got a real attitude problem, McFly.
You're a slacker.
You remind me of your father
when he went here. He was a slacker, too.
Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?
I noticed your band is on the roster
for the dance auditions after school today.
Why even bother, McFly?
You don't have a chance.
You're too much like your old man.
No McFly ever amounted to anything
in the history of Hill Valley.
Yeah, well, history is gonna change.
Next, please.
(SYNTHESIZER PLAYING)
Okay, guys, let's rock 'n roll.
All right.
We're the... We're the Pinheads.
One, two, three.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay, that's enough. Thank you, fellas.
Hold it, fellas.
I'm afraid you're just too darn loud.
Next, please.
Bring up the next group, please.
ANNOUNCER: Re-elect Mayor
"Goldie" Wilson.
Progress is his middle name.
MARTY: "Too loud." I can't believe it.
I'm never gonna get a chance
to play in front of anybody.
Marty, one rejection
isn't the end of the world.
I just don't think I'm cut out for music.
But you're good, Marty. You're really good,
and this audition tape of yours is great.
You've gotta send it in
to the record company.
-It's like Doc's always saying.
-Yeah, I know. I know.
"If you put your mind to it,
you can accomplish anything."
That's good advice, Marty.
All right, okay, Jennifer. What if I send in
the tape and they don't like it?
What if they say I'm no good?
What if they say,
"Get out of here, kid. You got no future"?
I mean, I just don't think
I can take that kind of rejection.
Jesus, I'm starting to sound like my old man.
-Come on. He's not that bad.
-Save the clock tower.
At least he's letting you borrow the car
tomorrow night.
Check out that 4x4.
-That is hot.
-Okay. Back her up.
Someday, Jennifer. Someday.
Wouldn't it be great
to take that truck up to the lake?
Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back.
Lie out underneath the stars.
-Stop it.
-What?
Does your mom know?
About tomorrow night?
No, get out of town. My mom thinks
I'm going camping with the guys.
Jennifer, my mother would freak out
if she knew I was going up there with you,
and I'd get the standard lecture about
how she never did that kind of stuff
when she was a kid.
I mean, look,
I think the woman was born a nun.
She's just trying to keep you respectable.
Well, she's not doing a very good job.
Terrible.
Save the clock tower. Save the clock tower.
Mayor Wilson is sponsoring
an initiative to replace that clock.
Thirty years ago, lightning struck that
clock tower and the clock hasn't run since.
We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society
think it should be preserved
exactly the way it is
as part of our history and heritage.
-There you go, lady. There's a quarter.
-Thank you.
-Don't forget to take a flyer.
-Right.
Save the clock tower!
Where were we?
Right about here.
-(CAR HORN HONKING)
-MAN: Jennifer!
-It's my dad. I've got to go.
-Right.
-I'll call you tonight.
-I'll be at my grandma's.
Here, let me give you the number.
Bye.
RADIO DISPATCHER:
Bravo, Tango, Delta 6-2-9.
Tow for impoundment.
Any unit, please respond.
Perfect. Just perfect.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
I can't believe you'd loan me your car
without telling me it had a blind spot.
-Blind spot?
-I could've been killed.
Now, Biff, now, I never noticed
that the car had any blind spot before
when I would drive it.
Hi, Son.
BIFF: What, are you blind, McFly? It's there.
How else do you explain
that wreck out there?
GEORGE: Biff, can I assume
That your insurance
is going to pay for the damage?
My insurance? It's your car.
Your insurance should pay for it.
I wanna know who's going to pay for this?
I spilled beer all over it
when the car smashed into me.
Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?
GEORGE: Ah...
BIFF: And where's my reports?
Well, I haven't finished those up yet,
but I figured since they weren't due till...
Hello? Hello? Anybody home?
-Think, McFly. Think!
-All right.
I got to have time to get them retyped.
Do you realize what would happen
if I hand in my reports in your handwriting?
I'll get fired.
You wouldn't want that to happen,
would you?
-Would you?
-Of course not, Biff.
Now, I wouldn't want that to happen.
Now, look.
I'll finish those reports on up tonight,
And I'll run them on over
first thing tomorrow, all right?
Not too early. I sleep in Saturday.
McFly, your shoe's untied.
(LAUGHING) Oh.
Don't be so gullible, McFly.
Got the place fixed up nice, though, McFly.
I have your car towed
all the way to your house
and all you got for me is lite beer? (LAUGHS)
What are you looking at, butthead?
Say hi to your mom for me.
I know what you're going to say, Son,
and you're right. You're right.
But Biff just happens to be my supervisor,
(CAR DRIVING AWAY)
And I'm afraid I'm just not very good
at confrontations.
But the car, Dad.
I mean, he wrecked it. He totaled it.
I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad.
Do you have any idea
how important this was to me?
Do you have any clue?
I know, and all I can say is, I'm...
I'm sorry.
Believe me, Marty, you're better off
without having to worry
about all the aggravation
and headaches of playing at that dance.
DAVID: He's absolutely right, Marty.
The last thing you need is headaches.
(LAUGHING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Kids, we're going to have
to eat this cake by ourselves.
Your Uncle Joey didn't make parole again.
(LORRAINE SIGHS)
I think it would be nice
if you all dropped him a line.
MARTY: Uncle "Jailbird" Joey?
He's your brother, Mom.
Yeah. I think it's a major embarrassment,
having an uncle in prison.
We all make mistakes in life, children.
-God damn it. I'm late.
-David, watch your mouth!
You come here and kiss your mother
before you go. Come here.
Come on, Mom. Make it fast.
I'll miss my bus.
See you later, Pop.
(EXCLAIMS) Time to change that oil.
(LAUGHING)
Hey, Marty. I'm not your answering service.
While you were outside
pouting over the car,
Jennifer Parker called you twice.
I don't like her, Marty.
Any girl who calls up a boy
is just asking for trouble.
Oh, Mother, there's nothing wrong
with calling a boy.
I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys.
When I was your age,
I never chased a boy or called a boy
Or sat in a parked car with a boy.
Then how am I supposed to
ever meet anybody?
Well, it'll just happen.
Like the way I met your father.
That was so stupid.
Grandpa hit him with the car.
It was meant to be.
Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him,
then none of you would have been born.
Yeah, well.
I still don't understand what Dad was doing
in the middle of the street.
What was it, George? Bird-watching?
What, Lorraine? What?
Anyway, your Grandpa hit him with the car
and brought him into the house.
He seemed so helpless,
like a little lost puppy,
and my heart just went out to him.
LINDA: Yeah, Mom, we know.
You've told us this story a million times.
You felt sorry for him,
so you decided to go with him
to the Fish Under the Sea dance.
No. It was
the Enchantment Under the Sea dance.
Our first date. I'll never forget it.
It was the night of that terrible
thunderstorm, remember, George?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV)
Your father kissed me
for the very first time on that dance floor.
It was then that I realized
that I was going to spend
the rest of my life with him.
(LAUGHING)
(MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Hello.
-DOC: Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?
-Doc.
No. No, don't be silly.
Listen, this is very important.
I forgot my video camera.
Can you stop by my place
and pick it up on your way to the mall?
Yeah. I'm on my way.
Einstein! Hey, Einstein,
where's the doc, boy?
(WHIMPERING)
(MACHINE HUMMING)
(GATE UNLOCKING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
Doc!
-Marty! You made it!
-Yeah.
Welcome to my latest experiment.
This is the big one,
the one I've been waiting for all my life.
Well, it's a DeLorean...
Bear with me, Marty.
All your questions will be answered.
-Roll tape and we'll proceed.
-Doc,
-is that a DEVO suit?
-Never mind that now.
-Not now.
-All right. I'm ready.
Good evening. I'm Dr. Emmett Brown.
I'm standing on the parking lot
at Twin Pines Mall.
It's Saturday morning,
October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m.,
and this is temporal experiment number one.
Come on, Einie. Hey, hey, boy, get in there.
That a boy! In you go. Sit down.
Put your seat belt on. That's it.
(GRUNTING)
Whoa, whoa. Whoa.
Okay.
Please note that Einstein's clock
is in precise synchronization
with my control watch.
-Got it?
-Right. Check, Doc.
Good.
Have a good trip, Einstein. Watch your head.
You got that thing hooked up to the car?
(MACHINE HUMMING)
-Watch this.
-Yeah. Okay. Got it.
Jesus!
Not me! The car! The car!
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
If my calculations are correct,
when this baby hits 88 miles per hour
you're going to see some serious shit.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(REMOTE CONTROL BEEPING)
(RAPID BEEPING)
Watch this. Watch this.
(LAUGHS)
What did I tell you? 88 miles per hour!
The temporal displacement occurred
exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds!
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ, Doc!
You disintegrated Einstein!
Calm down, Marty.
I didn't disintegrate anything.
The molecular structure of both Einstein
and the car are completely intact.
Then where the hell are they?
The appropriate question is,
"When the hell are they?"
You see, Einstein has just become
the world's first time traveler.
I sent him into the future.
One minute into the future, to be exact.
At precisely 1:21 a.m. and zero seconds,
we shall catch up with him
and the time machine.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc.
Are you telling me that
you built a time machine
-out of a DeLorean?
-The way I see it,
If you're going to build a time machine
into a car, why not do it with some style?
Besides, the stainless-steel construction
made the flux dispersal...
(WATCH BEEPING)
Look out!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(REMOTE CONTROL BEEPS)
(TIME MACHINE CREAKING)
(GASPS)
-What? Is it hot?
-It's cold. Damn cold.
(DOC LAUGHING)
Einstein, you little devil!
(CLOCK BEEPING)
Einstein's clock is exactly one minute
behind mine and still ticking!
(BARKING)
-He's all right.
-He's fine.
And he's completely unaware
that anything happened.
As far as he's concerned,
the trip was instantaneous.
That's why his watch is exactly
one minute behind mine.
He skipped over that minute
to instantly arrive at this moment in time.
-Come here. I'll show you how it works.
-All right.
First, you turn the time circuits on.
(MACHINE POWERING UP)
(MACHINE WHIRS)
This readout tells you where you're going.
This one tells you where you are.
This one tells you where you were.
You input your destination time
on this keypad.
Say you want to see the signing
of the Declaration of Independence.
(BEEPS)
Or witness the birth of Christ.
Here's a red-letter date
in the history of science.
November 5th, 1955.
Yes, of course. November 5th, 1955.
What? I don't get it. What happened?
(LAUGHING)
That was the day I invented time travel.
I remember it vividly.
I was standing on the edge of my toilet,
hanging a clock.
The porcelain was wet. I slipped,
hit my head on the edge of the sink,
and when I came to, I had a revelation,
A vision, a picture in my head,
a picture of this.
This is what makes time travel possible.
The flux capacitor.
Flux capacitor?
It's taken me almost 30 years
and my entire family fortune
to realize the vision of that day.
My God, has it been that long?
Things have certainly changed around here.
I remember when this was all farmland
as far as the eye could see.
Old man Peabody owned all of this.
He had this crazy idea
about breeding pine trees.
This is heavy-duty, Doc. This is great.
Does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?
Unfortunately, no. It requires something
with a little more kick. Plutonium.
Plutonium. Wait a minute.
Are you telling me
that this sucker is nuclear?
Hey, hey, hey! Keep rolling.
Keep rolling there.
No, no, no, this sucker's electrical,
but I need a nuclear reaction to generate
the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need.
Doc, you don't just walk into a store
and buy plutonium.
Did you rip that off?
Of course.
From a group of Libyan nationalists.
They wanted me to build them a bomb,
so I took their plutonium and, in turn,
gave them a shoddy bomb casing
full of used pinball machine parts.
-Come on. Let's get you a radiation suit.
-Jesus!
We must prepare to reload.
(MUFFLED BREATHING)
(AIR ESCAPING)
(SUCKING)
It's safe now. Everything's lead-lined.
Don't you lose those tapes now.
I need that as a record.
Let's put this back here. There we go.
(EXCLAIMS)
I almost forgot my luggage.
Who knows if they've got
cotton underwear in the future?
-I'm allergic to all synthetics.
-The future?
-That's where you're going?
-That's right, 25 years into the future.
I've always dreamed of seeing the future,
looking beyond my years,
seeing the progress of mankind.
Why not?
I'll also be able to see
who wins the next 25 World Series.
Doc.
Huh?
Look me up when you get there.
Indeed, I will. Roll 'em.
(WHIRRING)
(CLEARING THROAT)
I, Dr. Emmett Brown,
Am about to embark on an historic journey.
(LAUGHING) What am I thinking of?
I almost forgot to bring extra plutonium.
How did I ever expect to get back?
One pellet, one trip.
I must be out of my mind.
(BARKING)
What is it, Einie?
Oh, my God.
They found me.
I don't know how, but they found me.
-Run for it, Marty!
-Who? Who?
Who do you think? The Libyans!
(SHOUTING IN ARABIC)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Holy shit!
(GUN FIRING)
I'll draw their fire!
Doc, wait!
(GUN COCKING)
No!
You bastard!
(SHOUTING IN ARABIC)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN CLICKING)
(SWEARING IN ARABIC)
(GRUNTING)
Go! Damn Soviet gun.
(ENGINE STALLING)
Go!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(ENGINE STARTING)
(BEEPING)
(SHOUTING)
Come on! Move, damn it!
Jesus!
Holy shit!
Let's see if you bastards can do 90.
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(SCREAMING)
(CRASHING)
(CHICKENS CLUCKING)
(DOG BARKING DISTANTLY)
(DOOR CREAKS OPEN)
(CAR BLINKER CLICKING)
What is it? What is it, Pa?
Looks like an airplane without wings.
That ain't no airplane. Look.
(HYDRAULICS HISSING)
(MUFFLED BREATHING)
(SCREAMING)
Children!
Listen... Whoa.
(COWS MOOING)
Hello?
Excuse me.
Sorry about your barn.
(GUN FIRING)
It's already mutated into human form!
Shoot it!
Take that, you mutated son of a bitch!
(SCREAMING)
BOY: Get away!
MAN: Hold it.
BOY: Shoot it, Pa!
My pine! Why you...
You space bastard! You killed our pine!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
All right. All right. Okay, McFly.
Get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream.
It's just a very intense dream.
(PANTING)
(BRAKES SQUEALING)
-Listen, you got to help me.
-Don't stop, Wilbur! Don't!
It can't be.
(MACHINE BEEPS)
This is nuts.
(ENGINE STALLING)
Come on.
Perfect.
(MACHINE BEEPING INSISTENTLY)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(HORN HONKING)
(BELL DINGS)
(GAS ATTENDANTS CHATTERING)
(BOY COUNTING)
(BELL TOLLING)
ANNOUNCER: Remember, fellow citizens,
the future is in your hands.
If you believe in progress,
re-elect Mayor Red Thomas.
Progress is his middle name.
Mayor Red Thomas' progress platform
Means more jobs, better education,
bigger civic improvements and lower taxes.
On election day,
cast your vote for a proven leader.
Re-elect Mayor Red Thomas.
This has got to be a dream.
(MUSIC PLAYING ON JUKEBOX)
LOU: Hey, kid. What'd you do? Jump ship?
-What?
-What's with the life preserver?
-I just want to use the phone.
-Yeah, it's in the back.
MARTY: Brown.
Great. You're alive.
(PHONE RINGING)
(WATCH BEEPING)
(SIGHS)
Come on.
-Do you know where 1640 Riverside...
-Are you going to order something, kid?
Yeah. Give me a Tab.
Tab? I can't give you a tab
unless you order something.
Right. Give me a Pepsi Free.
You want a Pepsi, pal,
you're going to pay for it.
Just give me something
without any sugar in it, okay?
Something without sugar.
(DOOR OPENS)
BIFF: Hey, McFly.
What do you think you're doing?
Biff.
I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug!
-Hey, Biff. Hey, guys. How are you doing?
-You got my homework finished, McFly?
Well, actually, I figured
since it wasn't due till Monday...
Hello? Hello? Anybody home?
(BOYS LAUGHING)
-Think, McFly. Think!
-(LAUGHING) Okay.
I got to have time to recopy it.
You realize what would happen if I hand in
my homework in your handwriting?
I'll get kicked out of school.
You wouldn't want that to happen,
would you?
-Would you?
-Now, of course not, Biff.
-No.
-I wouldn't want that to happen.
-What are you looking at, butthead?
-Biff, get a load of this guy's life preserver.
Dork thinks he's going to drown.
How about my homework, McFly?
Okay, Biff. Well, I'll finish that on up tonight
and then I'll bring it over
first thing tomorrow morning.
Not too early. I sleep in Sundays.
Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied!
(BOYS LAUGHING)
-Don't be so gullible, McFly.
-Okay.
-I don't want to see you in here again.
-Okay. All right. Bye-bye.
-What?
-You're George McFly.
Yeah. Who are you?
Say! Why do you let those boys
push you around like that for?
Well, they're bigger than me.
Stand tall, boy.
Have some respect for yourself.
Don't you know,
if you let people walk over you now,
they'll be walking over you
for the rest of your life.
Look at me. You think I'm gonna
spend the rest of my life in this slop house?
-LOU: Watch it, Goldie.
-No, sir!
I'm gonna make something of myself.
I'm going to night school,
and one day, I'm going to be somebody.
That's right. He's going to be mayor.
Yeah, I'm...
Mayor!
Now that's a good idea!
I could run for mayor.
A colored mayor. That'll be the day.
You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers.
I will be mayor.
I'll be the most powerful man in Hill Valley,
and I'm going to clean up this town.
Good. You can start by sweeping the floor.
Mayor Goldie Wilson.
I like the sound of that.
(BICYCLE BELL RINGS)
Hey, Dad! George! Hey, you on the bike!
He's a peeping Tom.
(GRUNTING)
Dad!
(HORN HONKING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(DOGS BARKING)
Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Who are you?
Stella! Another one of these damn kids
jumped in front of my car!
Come on out here!
Help me take him in the house!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Mom? That you?
LORRAINE: There, there, now. Just relax.
You've been asleep
for almost nine hours now.
I had a horrible nightmare.
I dreamed that I went back in time.
It was terrible.
Well,
you're safe and sound now,
back in good old 1955.
1955?
(MARTY GASPS)
-You're my... You're my...
-My name is Lorraine.
-Lorraine Baines.
-Yeah.
But you're... You're so...
You're so thin!
Just relax, Calvin.
You got a big bruise on your head.
(EXCLAIMS)
-Where are my pants?
-Over there, on my hope chest.
I've never seen
purple underwear before, Calvin.
Calvin? Why do you keep calling me Calvin?
Well, that is your name, isn't it?
Calvin Klein?
It's written all over your underwear.
Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?
No, actually, people call me Marty.
Oh.
Pleased to meet you, Calvin.
Marty.
Klein.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-Do you mind if I sit here?
-No. Fine.
No. Good. Fine. Good.
That's a big bruise you have there.
(SHOUTS)
STELLA: Lorraine, are you up there?
Oh, my God! It's my mother!
Quick! Put your pants back on!
STELLA: So, tell me, Marty,
how long have you been in port?
-MARTY: Excuse me?
-I guessed you're a sailor.
-That's why you wear that life preserver.
-Coast Guard.
Sam, here's the young man
you hit with your car out there.
He's all right. Thank God.
What were you doing
in the middle of the street, a kid your age?
Don't pay attention to him.
He's in one of his moods.
Sam, you quit fiddling with that thing.
Come in here to dinner.
Now, let's see. You already know Lorraine.
This is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby,
And over there in the playpen
is little baby Joey.
So, you're my uncle Joey.
Better get used to these bars, kid.
Yes. Joey just loves being in his playpen.
He cries whenever we take him out,
so we just leave him in there all the time.
Well, Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.
-Listen, I really ought to...
-Sit here, Marty.
Sam, stop fiddling with that thing
and come in here and eat your dinner.
(SAM CHORTLING)
-Look at it roll.
-(EXCLAIMS)
Now we can watch Jackie Gleason
while we eat.
(LAUGHING)
(CHATTERING ON TV)
It's our first television set.
Dad just picked it up today.
Do you have a television?
Well, yeah. You know we have two of them.
Wow! You must be rich.
Oh, honey, he's teasing you.
Nobody has two television sets.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey. Hey, I've seen this one.
I've seen this one! This is a classic.
This is where Ralph dresses up
as a man from space.
What do you mean, you've seen this?
It's brand-new.
Yeah, well, I saw it on a rerun.
-What's a rerun?
-You'll find out.
You know, Marty, you look so familiar to me.
Do I know your mother?
Yeah, I think maybe you do.
STELLA: Oh, then I want to give her a call.
I don't want her to worry about you.
You can't.
(STUTTERING) That is, nobody's home.
Oh.
Yet.
Listen, do you know
where Riverside Drive is?
It's on the other end of town.
A block past Maple. East end of town.
Wait a minute, a block past Maple.
That's John F. Kennedy Drive.
Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?
LORRAINE: Mother?
With Marty's parents out of town,
don't you think he ought to spend the night?
I mean, after all,
Dad almost killed him with the car.
That's true, Marty.
I think maybe you should spend the night.
I think you're our responsibility.
-Gee, I don't know.
-And he can sleep in my room.
I gotta go! I gotta go! Thanks very much.
It was wonderful.
You were all great. See you all later.
Much later.
-He's a very strange young man.
-He's an idiot.
Comes from upbringing.
His parents are probably idiots, too.
Lorraine, you ever have a kid
who acts that way, I'll disown you.
Doc?
Don't say a word.
(ELECTRONIC WARBLING)
I don't wanna know your name.
I don't want to know anything about you.
-Listen, Doc...
-Quiet!
-Doc, it's me, Marty.
-Don't tell me anything.
-Doc, you got to help...
-Quiet. Quiet.
(ELECTRONIC WARBLING)
I'm going to read your thoughts.
Let's see now.
You've come here from a great distance?
-Yeah. Exactly.
-Don't tell me!
You want me to buy a subscription
to the Saturday Evening Post.
-No.
-Not a word. Not a word now!
Quiet.
Donations. You want me to make a donation
to the Coast Guard Youth Auxiliary.
Doc.
I'm from the future.
(ELECTRONIC WARBLING STOPS)
I came here in a time machine
that you invented.
Now, I need your help
to get back to the year 1985.
My God.
Do you know what this means?
It means that this damn thing
doesn't work at all!
Doc, you got to help me.
You are the only one
Who knows how your time machine works.
Time machine?
I haven't invented any time machine.
Okay. All right, I'll prove it to you.
Look at my driver's license. Expires 1987.
Look at my birthday, for crying out loud!
I haven't even been born yet.
And look at this picture.
It's my brother, my sister and me.
Look at her sweatshirt, Doc. "Class of 1984"?
Pretty mediocre photographic fakery.
They cut off your brother's hair.
I'm telling the truth, Doc.
You got to believe me.
Then tell me, future boy,
(LAUGHING)
Who's President of the United States
in 1985?
-Ronald Reagan.
-Ronald Reagan? The actor?
(EXCLAIMS)
Then who's vice president? Jerry Lewis?
-I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady.
-Whoa. Wait, Doc!
And Jack Benny is secretary of the treasury.
Doc, you gotta listen to me.
I've had enough practical jokes
for one evening. Good night, future boy!
No, wait, Doc. Doc.
The bruise on your head,
I know how that happened.
You told me the whole story.
You were standing on your toilet
and you were hanging a clock,
and you fell
and you hit your head on the sink.
That's when you came up
with the idea for the flux capacitor,
which is what makes time travel possible.
(DOOR UNLOCKING)
There's something wrong with the starter,
so I hid it here.
After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.
The flux capacitor.
(ELECTRIC CRACKLING)
It works!
(DOC LAUGHING)
I finally invent something that works!
You bet your ass it works.
Somehow we've got to sneak this
back to my laboratory.
We've got to get you home!
Okay, Doc, this is it.
Never mind that. Never mind that now.
Why, that's me! Look at me! I'm an old man.
Good evening. I'm Dr. Emmett Brown.
I'm standing on the parking lot
at Twin Pines Mall.
Thank God, I've still got my hair.
What's on Earth is this thing I'm wearing?
This is a radiation suit.
Radiation suit?
Of course. 'Cause of all the fallout
from the atomic wars.
(VIDEO REWINDING)
This is truly amazing.
A portable television studio.
No wonder your president has to be
an actor. He's gotta look good on television.
Whoa. This is it.
This is the part coming up, Doc.
No, no, no, this sucker's electrical,
but I need a nuclear reaction to generate
the 1.21 gigawatts...
What did I just say?
(VIDEO REWINDING)
This sucker's electrical,
but I need a nuclear reaction to generate
the 1.21 gigawatts...
1.21 gigawatts!
1.21 gigawatts.
Great Scott!
What the hell is a gigawatt?
How could I have been so careless?
1.21 gigawatts!
Tom, how am I going to generate
that kind of power?
It can't be done, can it?
Doc, look. All we need is a little plutonium.
(EXCLAIMS)
I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is
available in every corner drugstore,
but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by.
Marty, I'm sorry,
but I'm afraid you're stuck here.
Whoa, whoa.
Doc, stuck here? I can't be stuck here.
I got a life in 1985.
-I got a girl.
-Is she pretty?
Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me.
Look at this. Look what she wrote here, Doc.
I mean, that says it all.
Doc, you're my only hope.
Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source
capable of generating
1.21 gigawatts of electricity
is a bolt of lightning.
-What did you say?
-A bolt of lightning.
Unfortunately, you never know
when or where it's ever going to strike.
We do now.
This is it! This is the answer.
It says here that a bolt of lightning
Is going to strike the clock tower
at precisely 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night!
If we could somehow harness this lightning,
channel it into the flux capacitor,
it just might work.
Next Saturday night,
we're sending you back to the future!
Okay, all right. Saturday's good.
Saturday's good.
I can spend a week in 1955. I can hang out.
You can show me around.
Marty, that is completely out of the question.
You must not leave this house.
You must not see anybody
or talk to anybody.
Anything you do can have
serious repercussions on future events.
Do you understand?
Yeah. Sure. Okay.
Marty,
have you interacted with anybody else today,
besides me?
Yeah, well, I might've sort of
bumped into my parents.
Great Scott! Let me see
that photograph again of your brother.
Just as I thought. This proves my theory.
Look at your brother.
MARTY: His head's gone.
It's like it's been erased.
Erased from existence.
Whoa.
They really cleaned this place up.
Looks brand-new.
DOC: Now remember.
According to my theory, you interfered
with your parents' first meeting.
If they don't meet, they won't fall in love,
they won't get married
and they won't have kids.
That's why your older brother's
disappearing from that photograph.
Your sister will follow, and unless
you repair the damage, you'll be next.
-MARTY: Sounds pretty heavy.
-Weight has nothing to do with it.
(BELL RINGING)
Which one's your pop?
That's him.
Okay. Okay, you guys.
(LAUGHING SARCASTICALLY)
Very funny. You guys are being real mature.
Maybe you were adopted.
Okay, real mature, guys.
-Okay, pick up my books.
-McFly.
That's Strickland.
Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?
Shape up, man. You're a slacker.
Do you want to be a slacker
for the rest of your life?
No.
-What did your mother ever see in that kid?
-I don't know, Doc.
I guess she felt sorry for him
'cause her dad hit him with the car.
Hit me with the car.
That's the Florence Nightingale effect.
It happens in hospitals
when nurses fall in love with their patients.
Go to it, kid.
Hey, George, buddy.
I have been looking all over for you.
You remember me,
the guy who saved your life the other day?
Oh.
-Yeah.
-Good.
There's somebody I'd like you to meet.
-Lorraine?
-Calvin!
I'd like you to meet
my good friend George McFly.
Hi. It's really a pleasure to meet you.
-How's your head?
-Good. Fine.
Oh. I've been so worried about you
ever since you ran off the other night.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
(BELL RINGING)
-I'm sorry. I have to go.
-Come on!
Isn't he a dreamboat?
-Doc, she didn't even look at him.
-This is more serious than I thought.
Apparently, your mother is amorously
infatuated with you, instead of your father.
Whoa. Wait a minute, Doc.
Are you trying to tell me
that my mother has got the hots for me?
-Precisely.
-Whoa. This is heavy.
There's that word again. "Heavy."
Why are things so heavy in the future?
Is there a problem
with the Earth's gravitational pull?
-What?
-The only way
we're going to get those two
to successfully mate
is if they're alone together,
so you've got to get
your father and mother to interact
in some sort of social...
(SIGHS)
-What? You mean like a date?
-Right!
(BELL RINGING)
What kind of date? I don't know.
What do kids do in the '50s?
They're your parents. You must know them.
What are their common interests?
What do they like to do together?
Nothing.
Look! There's a rhythmic
ceremonial ritual coming up.
Of course! The Enchantment Under the Sea
dance! They're supposed to go to this.
-That's where they kiss for the first time.
-All right, kid.
You stick to your father like glue
and make sure he takes her to that dance.
George, buddy.
Remember that girl
I introduced you to, Lorraine?
-What are you writing?
-Uh... Stories.
Science fiction stories about visitors
Coming down to Earth from other planets.
Get out of town!
I didn't know you did anything creative.
-Let me read some.
-Oh. No, no, no, no.
I never let anybody read my stories.
Why not?
Well, what if they didn't like them?
What if they told me I was no good?
I guess that would be pretty hard
for somebody to understand.
No. No, not hard at all.
So, anyway, George. About Lorraine.
She really likes you.
She told me to tell you
that she wants you to ask her
to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance.
-Really?
-Oh, yeah.
All you got to do is go over there
and ask her.
What? Right here, right now,
in the cafeteria?
What if she said no? I don't know
if I could take that kind of a rejection.
Besides, I think she'd rather go
with somebody else.
Who?
Biff.
-Don't kid around. Come on.
-I'm gonna leave.
BIFF: You want it. You know you want it.
You know you want me to give it to you.
Shut your filthy mouth.
I'm not that kind of girl.
(EXCLAIMS)
Maybe you are
and you just don't know it yet.
Get your meat hooks off of me.
You heard her.
She said, get your meat hooks off.
Please.
So what's it to you, butthead?
You know, you been looking for a fight.
(STUDENTS EXCLAIMING)
Since you're new here,
I'm going to cut you a break, today.
So, why don't you make like a tree
and get out of here.
(BOY LAUGHING)
George!
Why do you keep following me around?
Look, George... I'm telling you, George,
if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance,
-I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.
-But I can't go to the dance.
I'll miss my favorite television program,
Science Fiction Theatre.
Yeah, but, George, Lorraine wants
to go with you. Give her a break.
Look, I'm just not ready
to ask Lorraine out to the dance,
and not you or anybody else on this planet
is going to make me change my mind.
MARTY: Science Fiction Theatre.
(MUFFLED BREATHING)
(LOUD ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
Who are you?
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
MARTY: Silence, Earthling.
My name is Darth Vader.
I am an extraterrestrial
from the planet Vulcan.
Marty!
(HORN HONKING)
-Marty! Marty!
-Hey, George, buddy.
You weren't at school.
What have you been doing all day?
I overslept. Look, I need your help.
I have to ask Lorraine out,
but I don't know how to do it.
All right. Okay, listen, keep your pants on.
She's over in the cafe.
God! How do you...
What made you change your mind, George?
Last night, Darth Vader came down
from Planet Vulcan
and told me that if I didn't take Lorraine out,
that he'd melt my brain.
Let's just keep this brain-melting stuff
to ourselves, okay?
-Oh, yeah. Yeah.
-All right, okay. There she is, George.
Now just go in there and invite her.
-Okay. But I don't know what to say.
-Just say anything, George.
Say whatever's natural,
the first thing that comes into your mind.
Nothing's coming to my mind.
Jesus, George,
it's a wonder I was even born.
-What? What?
-Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
Look, tell her destiny brought you together.
Tell her that she is the most beautiful girl
you have ever seen in the world.
Girls like that stuff.
-What are you doing, George?
-I'm writing this down. This is good stuff.
Yeah. Okay, let's go.
-Can you take care of that?
-Right.
(POP SONG PLAYING ON JUKEBOX)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Lou, give me a milk.
Chocolate.
Lorraine. My density has popped me to you.
What?
Oh.
What I meant to say was...
Wait a minute.
Don't I know you from somewhere?
GEORGE: Yes.
Yes. I'm George. George McFly.
I'm your density.
I mean,
your destiny.
Oh.
Hey, McFly.
(MUSIC STOPS)
(EXCLAIMS)
I thought I told you never to come in here.
Well, it's going to cost you.
How much money you got on you?
How much do you want, Biff?
-(GRUNTS)
-(ALL GASPING)
All right, punk.
-Now I'm going to...
-Whoa, whoa, Biff. What's that?
(GRUNTS)
That's Calvin Klein.
Oh, my God, he's a dream.
Whoa, whoa.
-Kid! Kid, stop! Stop!
-Hey!
MARTY: I'll get it back to you, all right?
BOY: You broke it!
Come back here!
(HORN HONKING)
Wow. Look at him go!
Get him!
To the car! Go! Go!
GIRL: What's that thing he's on?
BOY: It's a board with wheels.
He's an absolute dream.
THUG 1: Come on, come on!
THUG 2: Look out for the car!
(SHOUTING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SCREAMING)
Whoa!
(WOMAN GRUNTS)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(LAUGHING)
BIFF: I'm going to ram him.
ALL: Shit!
(EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST)
Ooh!
(CROWD MURMURING)
Thanks a lot, kid.
I'm going to get that son of a bitch.
-Where does he come from?
-Yeah, where does he live?
I don't know, but I'm going to find out.
(VIDEO REWINDING)
DOC ON TV: Oh, my God.
They found me.
I don't know how, but they found me.
Run for it, Marty!
(VIDEO REWINDING)
Oh, my God.
They found me.
I don't know how, but they found me.
Run for it, Marty!
Doc?
Hi, Marty. I didn't hear you come in.
Fascinating device, this video unit.
Listen, Doc.
You know, there's something
I haven't told you about the night
-we made that tape.
-Please, Marty, don't tell me.
No man should know too much
about his own destiny.
-You don't understand.
-I do understand.
If I know too much about my own future,
I can endanger my own existence.
Just as you've endangered yours.
-You're right.
-Now...
Let me show you my plan
for sending you home.
Please excuse the crudity of this model.
I didn't have time to build it to scale
or paint it.
-It's good.
-Thank you. Thank you.
Okay, now. We run some industrial-strength
electrical cable
from the top of the clock tower
down, suspending it over the street
between these two lamp posts.
Meanwhile, we've outfitted the time vehicle
with this big pole and hook,
Which runs directly into the flux capacitor.
At the calculated moment,
you start off from down the street,
Driving directly toward the cable,
accelerating to 88 miles per hour.
According to the flyer,
at precisely 10:04 p.m. this Saturday night,
lightning will strike the clock tower,
electrifying the cable
just as the connecting hook makes contact
thereby sending 1.21 gigawatts
into the flux capacitor
and sending you back to 1985.
All right, now. Watch this.
You wind up the car and release it.
I'll simulate the lightning.
(WIND-UP MECHANISM TWISTING)
(ELECTRICAL HUMMING)
Ready.
Set.
Release.
(CAR WHIRRING)
(EXCLAIMS)
(GASPS)
You're instilling me
with a lot of confidence, Doc.
Don't worry. I'll take care of the lightning.
You take care of your pop.
By the way, what happened today?
Did he ask her out?
-I think so.
-What did she say?
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
It's your mom! She's tracked you down!
Quick! Let's cover the time machine.
Hi, Cal... Marty.
Mom. Lorraine.
How did you know I was here?
I followed you.
Oh. This is my doc...
(STUTTERS) My uncle, Doc Brown.
-Hi.
Marty, this may seem a little forward,
but I was kind of wondering if you'd ask me
To the Enchantment Under the Sea dance
on Saturday.
Wow, you mean...
You mean nobody's asked you?
No. Not yet.
-What about George?
-George McFly?
He's kind of cute and all, but not...
Well, I think a man should be strong,
so he can stand up for himself
and protect the woman he loves.
Don't you?
Yeah.
I still don't understand.
How am I supposed to
go to the dance with her
If she's already going to the dance with you?
Well, because, George,
she wants to go with you.
She just doesn't know it yet.
That's why we got to show her
that you, George McFly, are a fighter.
You're somebody
who's gonna stand up for yourself,
somebody who's gonna protect her.
Yeah, but I've never picked a fight
in my entire life.
Look, you're not going
to be picking a fight, Dad.
(STUTTERS) Daddy-o.
You're coming to her rescue, right?
Okay, let's go over the plan again.
8:55, where are you going to be?
I'm going to be at the dance.
-Right. And where am I going to be?
-You're gonna be in the car with her.
Right, okay. So, right around 9:00,
she's going to get very angry with me.
Why is she going to get angry with you?
Well, because, George, nice girls get angry
when guys take advantage of them.
(EXCLAIMS)
You mean you're going to go
touch her on her...
No. No, George, look.
It's just an act, right?
Okay. So, 9:00, you're strolling
through the parking lot.
You see us struggling in the car.
You walk up, you open the door,
and you say...
Your line, George.
Oh!
Hey, you, get your damn hands off her!
-You really think I ought to swear?
-Yes, definitely.
God damn it, George, swear.
Okay. So, now you come up.
You punch me in the stomach.
I'm out for the count, right?
And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.
You make it sound so easy.
I just... I wish I wasn't so scared.
George, there's nothing to be scared of.
All it takes is a little self-confidence.
You know, if you put your mind to it,
you can accomplish anything.
ANNOUNCER: ...Hill Valley area weather
this Saturday night.
Mostly clear, with some scattered clouds.
Lows tonight in the upper 40s.
Are you sure about this storm?
Since when can weathermen predict
the weather, let alone the future?
You know, Marty,
I'm going to be very sad to see you go.
You've really made a difference in my life.
You've given me something to shoot for.
Just knowing that I'm going to be around
to see 1985.
That I'm going to succeed in this!
That I'm going to have a chance
to travel through time!
It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years
before I can talk to you
About everything that's happened
in the past few days.
I'm really going to miss you, Marty.
I'm really going to miss you.
-Doc, about the future...
-No!
Marty! We've already agreed
that having information about the future
can be extremely dangerous.
Even if your intentions are good,
it can backfire drastically.
Whatever you've got to tell me, I'll find out
through the natural course of time.
"Dear Dr. Brown.
"On the night that I go back in time,
"you will be
"shot by terrorists.
"Please take whatever precautions are
necessary to prevent this terrible disaster.
"Your friend,
"Marty."
Evening, Dr. Brown. What's with the wire?
Oh, just a little weather experiment.
-What you got under here?
-No! Don't touch that!
Some new, specialized
weather-sensing equipment.
-You got a permit for that?
-Of course I do.
Just a second.
Let me see if I can find it here.
(ROCK 'N' ROLL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS)
Do you mind if we park for a while?
That's a great idea. I'd love to park.
Huh?
Marty, I'm almost 18 years old.
It's not like I've never parked before.
What?
Marty, you seem so nervous.
Is something wrong?
No.
Lorraine! Lorraine, what are you doing?
I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.
Yeah, well, you shouldn't drink.
-Why not?
-Because you...
You might regret it later in life.
Marty, don't be such a square.
Everybody who's anybody drinks.
Jeez, you smoke, too?
Marty, you're beginning
to sound just like my mother.
(JAZZ MUSIC ENDING)
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
We're going to take a little break,
but we'll be back in a while,
So don't nobody go nowhere.
Marty? Why are you so nervous?
Lorraine.
Have you ever been in a situation
where you knew
you had to act a certain way,
but when you got there, you didn't know
if you could go through with it?
You mean like
how you're supposed to act on a first date?
Sort of.
I think I know exactly what you mean.
You do?
You know what I do in those situations?
-What?
-I don't worry.
(MUFFLED SHOUTING)
This is all wrong. I don't know what it is.
But when I kiss you, it's like I'm kissing
my brother.
I guess that doesn't make any sense,
does it?
Believe me, it makes perfect sense.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Somebody's coming.
You caused 300 bucks damage to my car,
you son of a bitch.
And I'm going to take it out of your ass.
Hold him.
Let him go, Biff. You're drunk.
Well, look-ey what we have here.
No, no! You're staying right here with me.
Come on, Lorraine.
-LORRAINE: Let me go!
-Leave her alone, you bastard!
Take him in back, all right?
I'll be right there.
BIFF: Just admit that you want it. Come on.
Well, go on. This ain't no peep show.
(GRUNTS)
(LORRAINE SHOUTING)
-Hey, let's put him in there.
-Yeah! (LAUGHS)
That's for messing up my hair.
What the hell are you doing to my car?
Hey, beat it, spook. This don't concern you.
Who you calling "spook," peckerwood?
Hey, hey, listen, guys...
Look, I don't want to mess
with no reefer addicts, okay?
Get home to your mama, boy.
THUG 1: Biff!
THUG 2: Hurry, Biff!
MARTY: (MUFFLED) Let me out of here!
-Reginald, where are your keys?
-MARTY: The keys are in the trunk.
-Say that again?
-MARTY: I said, the keys are in here.
(LORRAINE SHOUTING)
BIFF: Come on!
Hey, you, get your damn hands off...
Oh.
I think you got the wrong car, McFly.
George, help me! Please!
Just turn around, McFly, and walk away.
-LORRAINE: Please, George.
-Are you deaf, McFly?
Close the door and beat it.
(WHIMPERING)
No, Biff. You leave her alone.
All right, McFly.
You're asking for it,
and now you're going to get it.
-(GROANING)
-Biff, stop it!
Biff, you'll break his arm!
(GASPING)
Biff, no!
MARVIN: Give me a hand here, Reginald.
(GROANING)
Damn it, man! I sliced my hand!
-Whose are these?
-Mine.
Thanks. Thanks a lot.
You're going to break his arm!
Biff! Biff, leave him alone!
Let him go! Let him go!
(LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS)
(GEORGE PANTING)
(LAUGHS)
Are you okay?
-Who is that guy?
-That's George McFly.
-That's George McFly?
-Excuse me.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(WIND BLOWING)
The storm.
Hey, guys, you gotta get back in there
and finish the dance.
Hey, man. Look at Marvin's hand.
He can't play with his hand like that,
and we can't play without him.
Yeah, well. Look, Marvin, you got to play.
See, that's where they kiss
for the first time on the dance floor.
And if there's no music, they can't dance.
If they can't dance, they can't kiss.
If they can't kiss,
they can't fall in love and I'm history.
Hey, man, the dance is over
unless you know somebody else
that can play the guitar.
This is for all you lovers out there.
MARVIN: (SINGING)
Earth angel, Earth angel
Will you be mine?
My darling dear
-George, aren't you going to kiss me?
-I don't know.
Scram, McFly. I'm cutting in.
(LORRAINE GRUNTING)
(DISSONANT NOTES PLAYING)
Earth angel, Earth angel
The one I adore
Hey, boy, you all right?
I can't play.
George!
(LAUGHING)
George.
Excuse me.
(GRUNTS)
The vision of your happiness
Earth angel, Earth angel
Please be mine
My darling dear
Love you for all time
I'm just a fool
A fool in love
with you
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Yeah, man, that was good.
Let's do another one.
No. I got to go.
Come on, man.
Let's do something that really cooks.
Something that cooks.
(ALL CHEERING)
-All right.
-MARVIN: All right!
All right.
All right, this is an oldie, but...
Well, it's an oldie where I come from.
All right, guys, listen,
this is a blues riff in B.
Watch me for the changes,
and try and keep up, okay?
(ROCK 'N' ROLL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) Way down in Louisiana
Down in New Orleans
Way back up in the woods
among the evergreens
There stood a log cabin
made of earth and wood
Where lived a country boy
name of Johnny B. Goode
He never ever learned
to read or write so well
He could play the guitar
just like he's ringing a bell
Go, go
Go, Johnny, go, go
Go, Johnny, go, go, go
Hey, George, I heard you laid out Biff.
Nice going.
George, you ever think
of running for class president?
Johnny B. Goode
Go, Johnny, go, go, go
Chuck! Chuck, it's Marvin.
Your cousin, Marvin Berry.
You know that new sound
you're looking for?
Well, listen to this.
(HEAVY METAL RIFFS PLAYING)
(FEEDBACK)
(HIGH-PITCH NOTE PLAYING)
(AMPLIFIERS HUMMING)
I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet.
But your kids are going to love it.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Lorraine.
-Marty, that was very interesting music.
-Yeah.
I hope you don't mind, but George
asked if he could take me home.
Great! Good. Good, Lorraine.
I had a feeling about you two.
I have a feeling, too.
Listen, I got to go,
but I wanted to tell you
that it's been educational.
Marty, will we ever see you again?
I guarantee it.
Well, Marty, I want to thank you
for all your good advice.
I'll never forget it.
Right, George.
Well, good luck, you guys.
Oh!
One other thing. If you guys ever have kids,
and one of them, when he's eight years old,
accidentally sets fire to the living room rug,
go easy on him.
Okay.
Marty. Such a nice name.
(WIND HOWLING)
Damn! Where is that kid?
Damn!
Damn! Damn!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
You're late!
Do you have no concept of time?
Hey, come on. I had to change.
Do you think I'm going back
in that zoot suit?
The old man really came through. It worked.
He laid out Biff in one punch.
I didn't know he had it in him.
He's never stood up to Biff in his life.
-Never?
-No. Why? What's the matter?
All right! Let's set your destination time.
(MACHINE BEEPING)
This is the exact time you left.
Let's send you back at exactly the same time.
It'll be like you never left.
Now, I painted a white line
on the street way over there.
That's where you'll start from.
I've calculated the precise distance,
taking into account the acceleration speed
and wind resistance retroactive
from the moment the lightning strikes,
Which will be in exactly
7 minutes and 22 seconds.
-When this alarm goes off, you hit the gas.
-Right.
Well, I guess that's everything.
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
See you in about 30 years.
I hope so.
Don't worry!
As long as you hit that wire
with the connecting hook
at precisely 88 miles an hour,
the instant the lightning strikes the tower
-everything will be fine.
-Right.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
-What's the meaning of this?
-You'll find out in 30 years.
It's about the future, isn't it?
-It's information about the future.
-Wait a minute.
I warned you about this, kid.
The consequences could be disastrous!
Doc, that's a risk
you're going to have to take.
-Your life depends on it!
-No!
I refuse to accept the responsibility.
In that case, I'll tell you straight out.
(THUNDER CRASHING)
Great Scott!
(THUNDER CLAPPING)
You get the cable,
I'll throw the rope down to you.
Right! I got it!
(WIND HOWLING)
(GASPING)
Doc!
(GRUNTING)
-Come on, come on. Let's go!
-All right! Take it up!
Go!
-Doc!
-What?
I have to tell you about the future.
-I have to tell you about the future!
What?
On the night I go back in time, you get...
(CLOCK BELL TOLLING)
Doc!
(SCREAMING)
Go!
-No, Doc!
-Look at the time!
You've got less than four minutes.
Please, hurry!
Yeah!
(GRUNTS)
Damn it, Doc!
Why did you have to tear up that letter?
If I only had more time.
Wait a minute. I got all the time I want.
I got a time machine.
I can just go back early and warn him.
Okay. Ten minutes ought to do it.
(BEEPING)
Okay. Time circuit's on.
Flux capacitor, fluxing.
Engine running. All right.
(ENGINE STOPS)
No. No, no.
(ENGINE STALLING)
Come on. Not this time. Come on. Come on.
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(ENGINE CLICKING)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
-MARTY: Come on.
-(ALARM RINGS)
Here we go. Here we go. This time. Come on.
Please. Please. Come on!
(SHOUTS)
(ENGINE STARTING)
(EXCLAIMS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
(ACCELERATING)
Doc.
(SHOUTING GLEEFULLY)
(HELICOPTER HOVERING)
(MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
(EXPLOSIVE CRASHING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(CRASHING)
Crazy drunk driver.
Whoo!
All right. Red.
You look great. Everything looks great.
1:24. I still got time. I'm coming, Doc!
(ENGINE DYING)
No! No, not again! Come on! Come on!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(TERRORISTS SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
Libyans.
MARTY: No!
You bastard!
TERRORIST: Go!
(GUN FIRING)
(TERRORISTS SCREAMING)
Doc! Doc!
(SOBBING)
No! No!
You're alive.
Bulletproof vest?
How did you know?
I never got a chance to tell you.
What about all that talk
about screwing up future events?
The space-time continuum?
Well, I figured, what the hell?
-So, how far ahead are you going?
-About 30 years. It's a nice, round number.
Look me up when you get there, all right?
Guess I'll be about 47.
I will.
-Take care.
-You, too.
Right. Bye-bye, Einie.
Oh. And watch that re-entry.
It's a little bumpy.
You bet.
(EXPLOSIVE CRASHING)
(POP SONG PLAYING ON RADIO)
What a nightmare.
LINDA: If Paul calls me, tell him I'm working
at the boutique late tonight.
DAVID: Linda, first of all,
I'm not your answering service,
second of all, somebody named Greg
or Craig called you just a little while ago.
Well, which one was it, Greg or Craig?
I don't know!
I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.
Hey.
-What the hell is this?
-Breakfast.
DAVID: Did you sleep in your clothes
again last night?
Yeah. I...
Yeah. What are you wearing, Dave?
Marty, I always wear a suit to the office.
-You all right?
-Yeah.
LORRAINE: I think we need
a rematch, George.
A rematch?
-Why? Were you cheating?
-(LAUGHING) No.
-Hello.
-Good morning.
Mom! Dad!
-Did you hit your head?
-Marty, are you all right?
You guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.
Why, thank you, Marty. George!
(SIGHS)
Good morning, sleepyhead.
-Good morning, Dave. Linda.
-DAVID: Good morning, Mom.
LINDA: Marty, I almost forgot.
Jennifer Parker called.
I sure like her, Marty.
She is such a sweet girl.
-Isn't tonight the night of the big date?
-What? What, Ma?
Aren't you going up to the lake tonight?
You've been planning it for two weeks.
Mom, we talked about this.
How can I go to the lake?
The car's wrecked.
-Wrecked?
-When did this happen? Why wasn't I told?
-Quiet down.
I'm sure the car is fine.
DAVID: Why am I always the last one
to know about these things?
See? There's Biff out there
waxing it right now.
Now, Biff, I want to make sure that we get
two coats of wax this time, not just one.
-I'm just finishing up the second coat now.
-Now, Biff, don't con me.
I'm sorry, Mr. McFly.
I meant I was just starting
on the second coat.
Biff. What a character.
Always trying to get away with something.
I've had to stay on top of Biff
ever since high school.
-Although, if it wasn't for him...
-We never would have fallen in love.
That's right.
Mr. McFly! Mr. McFly, this just arrived.
Oh, hi, Marty. I think it's your new book.
Honey! Your first novel.
GEORGE: Like I've always told you,
you put your mind to it,
you can accomplish anything.
Oh, Marty, here's your keys.
You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.
Keys?
-How about a ride, mister?
-Jennifer.
Oh, are you a sight for sore eyes!
Let me look at you.
Marty, you're acting like
you haven't seen me in a week.
I haven't.
You okay? Is everything all right?
MARTY: Oh, yeah.
Everything is great.
(EXPLOSIVE CRASHING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Marty! You've got to come back with me!
-Where?
-Back to the future.
Wait a minute. What are you doing, Doc?
I need fuel.
Go ahead. Quick! Get in the car.
No, no. Doc, I just got here, okay?
Jennifer's here.
We're gonna take the new truck for a spin.
Well, bring her along.
This concerns her, too.
Wait a minute, Doc.
What are you talking about?
What happens to us in the future?
-Do we become assholes or something?
-No, no, no, no, Marty.
Both you and Jennifer turn out fine.
It's your kids, Marty.
Something has got to be done
about your kids.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Hey, Doc, we better back up.
We don't have enough road to get up to 88.
Roads? Where we're going,
we don't need roads.
(JETS FIRING)